CONDITION HERE
You enter the church in the dead of night, in the darkness one man bathes in the moonlight. On his knees in prayer.
Rion: Father David, we have to discuss something.
The priest rises to his feet. The room is covered in a sickening aura.
Father David: I'm sure you already know the answers to any question you might ask me.
Rion: So you expected this.
Father David: This would happen eventually, this simply happened ahead of schedule.
Rion: So you have no qualms on killing innocents? I thought your doctrine was better than that.
Father David: You mean those blasted dragon worshipping fools?!
The priest's face twisted in rage, becomming beastial in nature.
Father David: Those people kidnapped young children and indoctrinated them into their little cult!
Father David: Those who rebelled against them ended up like me!
Father David tore off the sleeve of his white robes revealing the sign of the cross, seered into his very flesh.
People believed he had gotten it as a sign of devotion to the faith. but that was False. It was a brand.
Father David: They branded us like animals! Treated us like filth because we didn't believe!
Father David: Such people don't deserve to live! That's what I have determined! Anyone who condones them will be granted death as well!
Father David: A race that condonnes this savagery doesn't deserve to exist!
Rion: So you infilitrated the church to continue your murders?
Father David: Unlike normal people clergy men can leave and enter as they see fit.
Father David: Dragons don't much care for us since we're so devoted to pleasing them.
Father David: Aren't you the same as me who despises this miserable race? 
Father David: You reek of blood.
Rion: !
Rion: I don't care what happened to you. You got innocents involved! What did they ever do?!
Rion: Don't you dare compare me to you!
Father David: Hmph, so you're like the rest after all! Then die here!
Father David commences his gruesome transformation growing taller and gaining a wolf-like body.
Rion: It's now or never! Let's end this!
The two of you fight, bathed in moonlight.
